Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 2.1.3 (#3280)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1021-4-0-improve-the-messaging-shown-to-users-in-the-confirmation-dialog-when-deleting-assets.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Improved the message in the confirmation dialog when deleting assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved the message in the confirmation dialog when deleting assets
```

> title: "Improve the messaging shown to users in the confirmation dialog when deleting assets."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Improved the message in the confirmation dialog when deleting assets
```
